Move connector building docs in gitbook (#850)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/contributing-to-airbyte/building-new-connector/README.md

# Building new connectors

> A connector once completed takes the form of a Docker image which follow the [Airbyte specification](../../architecture/airbyte-specification.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A connector takes the form of a Docker image which follows the [Airbyte specification](../../architecture/airbyte-specification.md).
```

Then, from the `airbyte-integrations/connector-templates/generator` directory, run:

```text
npm run generate
```

and follow the interactive prompt. 

This will generate a new integration in the `airbyte-integrations/connectors/<your-integration>` directory. 

Follow the instructions generated in the `CHECKLIST.md` file to bootstrap the integration. 

The generated `README.md` will also contain instructions on how to iterate.

## Updating an Integration

Once you've finished iterating on the changes to a connector as specified in its `README.md`, follow these instructions to tell Airbyte to use the latest version of your integration.

1. Bump the version in the `Dockerfile` of the integration \(`LABEL io.airbyte.version=X.X.X`\).
2. Update the connector version in:
   * `STANDARD_SOURCE_DEFINITION` if it is a source
   * `STANDARD_DESTINATION_DEFINITION` if it is a destination.
3. Build the integration with the semantic version tag locally:

   ```text
   ./tools/integrations/manage.sh build airbyte-integrations/connectors/<connector-name>
   ```

4. Submit a PR containing the changes you made.

> 5. One of Airbyte maintainer will review the change and publish the new version of the connector do Docker hub:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. One of Airbyte maintainers will review the change and publish the new version of the connector do Docker hub:
```
